https://www.youtube.com/embed/sOEg_YZQsTI


Baahubali: The Beginning is a 2015 Indian epic action film directed by S. S. Rajamouli.
       The film was produced by Shobu Yarlagadda and Prasad Devineni and was shot in both Telugu and Tamil.
       This film was also dubbed into Malayalam and Hindi.
       The film stars Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, and Tamannaah in the lead roles, with Ramya Krishnan, Sathyaraj, and Nassar in supporting roles
       The first of two cinematic parts, the film follows Sivudu, an adventurous young man who helps his love.





https://www.youtube.com/embed/6WgnE6J07e8





hello is a 2017 Indian Telugu romantic action thriller film, produced by Nagarjuna Akkineni under his Annapurna Studios banner and written & directed by Vikram K Kumar. The film stars Akhil Akkineni and Kalyani Priyadarshan in the lead roles. 
      The music is composed by Anup Rubens. The film released on 22 December 2017.
      Sreenu is an orphaned street urchin who has a friend named Junnu, whose family has to transfer many times because of her father's job. The day before she left, Junnu gave her phone number to Sreenu written on a hundred rupee note, but that note was stolen by another street boy. Whilst chasing him,
       he was hit by a car driven by Sarojini (Ramya Krishnan) and her husband Prakash (Jagapathi Babu).
       They later adopted him.




https://www.youtube.com/embed/CGyAaR2aWcA


Krish Malhotra (Arjun Kapoor), a fresh Engineer from IIT Delhi,
       now a student pursuing his MBA at the IIM Ahmedabad, Gujarat, comes from a troubled, rich family of Punjabi heritage.
        He meets his classmate Ananya Swaminathan (Alia Bhatt), economics topper in her college, who comes from a conservative Tamil Brahmin family. Krish and Ananya, initially quarrel, but soon become friends and start studying together. Soon they begin dating, and stay together for their next 22 months on the IIM campus. Krish confides in Ananya that his real passion is writing, which he wants to pursue a career in. 
        They both have become close to each other and fall for each other during the stay in IIM.
         Krish gets selected in the campus drives for Yes Bank.
          He immediately rushes to the next room and proposes to Ananya, in the middle of her interview. 
        She accepts and then gets selected for Sunsilk.



https://www.youtube.com/embed/93dT9aZDQw8

Ye Maaya Chesave (English: What Magic Have You Done?) is a 2010 Telugu-language romantic drama film written and directed by Gautham Menon, with dialogues by Umarji Anuradha.[3]
      The film stars Naga Chaitanya and debutant Samantha Ruth Prabhu in the lead roles.
      It was produced by Manjula Ghattamaneni under the banner Indira Productions and features a critically acclaimed soundtrack and background score composed by A. R. Rahman.
      Other credits include cinematography by Manoj Paramahamsa, dialogues by Umarji Anuradha and editing by Anthony Gonsalves.
      The lead actors of the movie Naga Chaitanya and Samantha Ruth Prabhu fell in love during this movie and married one another on October 6, 2017 in a traditional
       Hindu ceremony followed by a Christian ceremony on October 7, 2017.



https://www.youtube.com/embed/KmlBnmyelHI


Half Girlfriend is an Indian romantic drama Hindi film based on the novel of the same name written by Chetan Bhagat.
The film is directed by Mohit Suri and features Arjun Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor in the lead roles.
Principal photography commenced in June 2016 and filming locations include Delhi, Mumbai, Patna, Dumraon, Varanasi, New York City and Cape Town.
 The film was released worldwide on 19 May 2017.




what is rest
2.what is soap
rest versus soap
json
vdl
monolithic object

